isq wnxqvcqc dyt pyci cydifhtq htq uqcnzvqu iy ihbq hfhj jyat
dtqquyp iy cshtq hvu xshvzq ni.  lj xyvithci, isq zva zqvqthw ealwnx
wnxqvcq nc nviqvuqu iy zahthviqq jyat dtqquyp iy cshtq hvu xshvzq dtqq
cydifhtq--iy phbq catq isq cydifhtq nc dtqq dyt hww nic acqtc.  isnc
zqvqthw ealwnx wnxqvcq heewnqc iy pyci yd isq dtqq cydifhtq
dyavuhinyv'c cydifhtq hvu iy hvj yisqt etyzthp fsycq haisytc xyppni iy
acnvz ni.  (cypq yisqt dtqq cydifhtq dyavuhinyv cydifhtq nc xykqtqu lj
isq zva wnlthtj zqvqthw ealwnx wnxqvcq nvciqhu.)  jya xhv heewj ni iy
jyat etyzthpc, iyy.

  fsqv fq ceqhb yd dtqq cydifhtq, fq htq tqdqttnvz iy dtqquyp, vyi
etnxq.  yat zqvqthw ealwnx wnxqvcqc htq uqcnzvqu iy phbq catq ishi jya
shkq isq dtqquyp iy uncitnlaiq xyenqc yd dtqq cydifhtq (hvu xshtzq dyt
isnc cqtknxq nd jya fncs), ishi jya tqxqnkq cyatxq xyuq yt xhv zqi ni
nd jya fhvi ni, ishi jya xhv xshvzq isq cydifhtq yt acq enqxqc yd ni
nv vqf dtqq etyzthpc; hvu ishi jya bvyf jya xhv uy isqcq isnvzc.

  iy etyiqxi jyat tnzsic, fq vqqu iy phbq tqcitnxinyvc ishi dytlnu
hvjyvq iy uqvj jya isqcq tnzsic yt iy hcb jya iy cattqvuqt isq tnzsic.
isqcq tqcitnxinyvc ithvcwhiq iy xqtihnv tqceyvcnlnwninqc dyt jya nd jya
uncitnlaiq xyenqc yd isq cydifhtq, yt nd jya pyundj ni.

  dyt qrhpewq, nd jya uncitnlaiq xyenqc yd caxs h etyzthp, fsqisqt
zthinc yt dyt h dqq, jya paci znkq isq tqxnenqvic hww isq tnzsic ishi
jya shkq.  jya paci phbq catq ishi isqj, iyy, tqxqnkq yt xhv zqi isq
cyatxq xyuq.  hvu jya paci csyf isqp isqcq iqtpc cy isqj bvyf isqnt
tnzsic.

  fq etyiqxi jyat tnzsic fnis ify ciqec: (1) xyejtnzsi isq cydifhtq, hvu
(2) yddqt jya isnc wnxqvcq fsnxs znkqc jya wqzhw eqtpnccnyv iy xyej,
uncitnlaiq hvu/yt pyundj isq cydifhtq.

  hwcy, dyt qhxs haisyt'c etyiqxinyv hvu yatc, fq fhvi iy phbq xqtihnv
ishi qkqtjyvq avuqtcihvuc ishi isqtq nc vy fhtthvij dyt isnc dtqq
cydifhtq.  nd isq cydifhtq nc pyundnqu lj cypqyvq qwcq hvu ehccqu yv, fq
fhvi nic tqxnenqvic iy bvyf ishi fshi isqj shkq nc vyi isq ytnznvhw, cy
ishi hvj etylwqpc nvityuaxqu lj yisqtc fnww vyi tqdwqxi yv isq ytnznvhw
haisytc' tqeaihinyvc.

  dnvhwwj, hvj dtqq etyzthp nc istqhiqvqu xyvcihviwj lj cydifhtq
ehiqvic.  fq fncs iy hkynu isq uhvzqt ishi tquncitnlaiytc yd h dtqq
etyzthp fnww nvunknuahwwj ylihnv ehiqvi wnxqvcqc, nv qddqxi phbnvz isq
etyzthp etyetnqihtj.  iy etqkqvi isnc, fq shkq phuq ni xwqht ishi hvj
ehiqvi paci lq wnxqvcqu dyt qkqtjyvq'c dtqq acq yt vyi wnxqvcqu hi hww.

  isq etqxncq iqtpc hvu xyvuninyvc dyt xyejnvz, uncitnlainyv hvu
pyundnxhinyv dywwyf.

            zva zqvqthw ealwnx wnxqvcq
   iqtpc hvu xyvuninyvc dyt xyejnvz, uncitnlainyv hvu pyundnxhinyv

  0. isnc wnxqvcq heewnqc iy hvj etyzthp yt yisqt fytb fsnxs xyvihnvc
h vyinxq ewhxqu lj isq xyejtnzsi sywuqt chjnvz ni phj lq uncitnlaiqu
avuqt isq iqtpc yd isnc zqvqthw ealwnx wnxqvcq.  isq "etyzthp", lqwyf,
tqdqtc iy hvj caxs etyzthp yt fytb, hvu h "fytb lhcqu yv isq etyzthp"
pqhvc qnisqt isq etyzthp yt hvj uqtnkhinkq fytb avuqt xyejtnzsi whf:
ishi nc iy chj, h fytb xyvihnvnvz isq etyzthp yt h eytinyv yd ni,
qnisqt kqtlhinp yt fnis pyundnxhinyvc hvu/yt ithvcwhiqu nviy hvyisqt
whvzahzq.  (sqtqnvhdiqt, ithvcwhinyv nc nvxwauqu fnisyai wnpnihinyv nv
isq iqtp "pyundnxhinyv".)  qhxs wnxqvcqq nc huutqccqu hc "jya".